keyboards/xoiviox/bgkeeb/readme.md, before:

# bgkeeb

* Keyboard Maintainer: sadekbaroudi
* Hardware Supported: bgkeeb PCB rev1 Pro Micro

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make bgkeeb:default

Flashing example for this keyboard ([using the command line](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_flashing?id=flash-your-keyboard-from-the-command-line)):

    make bgkeeb:default:flash

See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

## Build Guide

To be built


## Choosing which board to plug the USB cable into (choosing Master)

Because the two boards are identical, the firmware has logic to differentiate the left and right board. It uses two strategies to figure things out, [EE_HANDS](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_split_keyboard?id=handedness-by-eeprom) or [by define](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_split_keyboard?id=handedness-by-define). See [setting-handedness](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/config_options?id=setting-handedness) for more information.

Commit message:

updated bgkeeb readme since there is a new version of the bgkeeb pcb

keyboards/xoiviox/bgkeeb/readme.md, after:

# bgkeeb

* Keyboard Maintainer: sadekbaroudi
* Hardware Supported: bgkeeb PCB rev1 Pro Micro

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make bgkeeb:default

Flashing example for this keyboard ([using the command line](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_flashing?id=flash-your-keyboard-from-the-command-line)):

    make bgkeeb:default:flash

See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

## Build Guide

See:
https://github.com/sadekbaroudi/bgkeeb/blob/master/BUILDGUIDE.md

## Notes

IMPORTANT: Please read the firmware section on this page to determine which version of bgkeeb that you have, and how to build the firmware based on that:
https://github.com/sadekbaroudi/bgkeeb/blob/master/README.md

## Choosing which board to plug the USB cable into (choosing Master)

Because the two boards are identical, the firmware has logic to differentiate the left and right board. It uses two strategies to figure things out, [EE_HANDS](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_split_keyboard?id=handedness-by-eeprom) or [by define](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_split_keyboard?id=handedness-by-define). See [setting-handedness](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/config_options?id=setting-handedness) for more information.
